Default positioning (no settings)
Vertical right-to-left text
Vertical left-to-right text
Top line (line:0)
Fifth line from top (line:5)
Bottom line (line:-1)
Third line from bottom (line:-3)
Top using percentage (line:0%)
Middle using percentage (line:50%)
Bottom using percentage (line:100%)
Left edge (position:0%)
Quarter from left (position:25%)
Center horizontally (position:50%)
Three-quarters from left (position:75%)
Right edge (position:100%)
Quarter width (size:25%)
Half width (size:50%)
Three-quarter width (size:75%)
Full width (size:100%)
Left aligned text (align:start)
Center aligned text (align:center)
Right aligned text (align:end)
Top-left corner (line:0 position:0% align:start)
Top-center (line:0 position:50% align:center)
Top-right corner (line:0 position:100% align:end)
Middle-left (line:50% position:0% align:start)
Perfect center (line:50% position:50% align:center)
Middle-right (line:50% position:100% align:end)
Bottom-left corner (line:100% position:0% align:start)
Bottom-center (line:100% position:50% align:center)